README.md: add guidance on expressions of interest (#54)
open-contracting-extensions/ocds_bid_extension: README.md

If the bid cannot be divided (for example, the data source describes only the total value of the bid, and not the individual value for each lot within the bid), create one `Bid` object, and add all lots' identifiers to the object's `relatedLots`.

> ### Publish expressions of interest

Reviewer: Verbs are generally good, but "publish" would be too frequent, so we omit it.

```suggestion
### Expressions of interest
```

> Buyers and procuring entities can publish expressions of interest, which are received during pre-qualification or pre-selection, in the `bids.details` array. Use the `bids.details.submissionType` field to indicate if the published data refer to a bid or an expression of interest.

Reviewer: Buyers do not do the publishing. If we want to describe expressions of interest, that should be in the intro or in the schema sections of the readme.

```suggestion
Expressions of interest are also disclosed in the `bids.details` array. Use the `bids.details.submissionType` field to indicate whether a submission is a bid or an expression of interest.
```

}
```

> A potential supplier submits an expression of interest for two lots as a single document:

Reviewer: I think it's unusual for an expression of interest to only describe the price, so let's keep it as a bid example.

Author: I think this example is useful for the case of bids on multiple lots, but if it's to stay a bid (which makes a lot of sense) should we add a third example for an EOI?

Reviewer: I think the submissionType is simple enough to not need an example

Author: I agree, great I'll leave it as it then

}
```

> A first expression of interest was evaluated and meets the qualification criteria. A second response was received, but is not yet evaluated.
> 
> 
> ```json
> {
>   "bids": {
>     "details": [
>       {
>         "id": "1",
>         "date": "2016-12-09T01:00:00+01:00",
>         "status": "valid",
>         "description": "Expression of interest submission detailing how the bidder meets the eligibility criteria laid out in the pre-qualification phase notice.",
>         "tenderers": [
>           {
>             "id": "MEGA",
>             "name": "Mega Consortium"
>           }
>         ],
>         "countriesOfOrigin": [
>           "MX"
>         ],
>         "documents": [
>           {
>             "id": "doc-1",
>             "documentType": "eligibilityCriteria",
>             "title": "Expression of interest - evidence of eligibility."
>           }
>         ]
>       },
>       {
>         "id": "2",
>         "date": "2016-12-10T01:00:00+01:00",
>         "status": "pending",
>         "tenderers": [
>           {
>             "id": "BETA",
>             "name": "Beta Consortium"
>           }
>         ],
>         "documents": [
>           {
>             "id": "doc-2",
>             "documentType": "eligibilityCriteria",
>             "title": "Expression of interest - evidence of eligibility."
>           }
>         ]
>       }
>     ]
>   }
> }
> ```

Reviewer 2: Since there's presently no difference in modelling bids and EOI responses, I think this example can be removed.

If the discriminator field proposed in https://github.com/open-contracting/ocds-extensions/issues/41#issuecomment-1916477736 is added, we can add a minimal example to demonstrate the usage of that field.

```suggestion
```

Author: agree that a 3 example is unnecessary, I've removed this and added the new discriminator field to the other examples, turning the one that's just about submissions into an EOI submission.
